README.md, before:

# minihabits.

A minimalist habit tracking app built with NestJS, MongoDB, and JWT, designed to help users build and maintain daily habits with a clean, intuitive interface.

## Features

- 🌓 Dark/Light mode support
- 📱 Clean, modern UI with smooth animations
- 📊 5-day habit tracking view
- 🔥 Streak counting
- 💾 Persistent storage using AsyncStorage
- 📲 Haptic feedback for interactions
- 🔍 Detailed habit view
- ➕ Easy habit creation with modal interface

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v20 or later)
- pnpm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/fberrez/minihabits.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
cd minihabits
pnpm install
```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run start:dev
```

## TODO

Authentication Routes
- [x] POST /auth/signup - Register a new user
- [x] POST /auth/signin - Login user
- [x] POST /auth/refresh - Refresh JWT token

Habits Routes
- [x] GET /habits - Get all habits for the authenticated user
- [x] POST /habits - Create a new habit
- [ ] GET /habits/:id - Get a specific habit details
- [x] PATCH /habits/:id - Update a habit
- [x] DELETE /habits/:id - Delete a habit

Habit Tracking Routes
- [x] POST /habits/:id/track - Track a habit for today
- [x] DELETE /habits/:id/track - Untrack a habit for today
- [x] GET /habits/:id/streak - Get streak information
- [x] GET /habits/stats - Get overall statistics

User Routes
- [ ] GET /users/me - Get current user profile
- [ ] PATCH /users/me - Update user preferences (e.g., dark/light mode)
- [ ] DELETE /users/me - Delete account

Optional Future Routes
- [ ] GET /habits/daily - Get habits for today
- [ ] GET /habits/weekly - Get weekly overview
- [ ] POST /habits/:id/reminder - Set reminder for a habit
- [ ] GET /habits/search - Search through habits

Commit message:

docs(readme): add .env variables

README.md, after:

# minihabits.

A minimalist habit tracking app built with NestJS, MongoDB, and JWT, designed to help users build and maintain daily habits with a clean, intuitive interface.

## Features

- 🌓 Dark/Light mode support
- 📱 Clean, modern UI with smooth animations
- 📊 5-day habit tracking view
- 🔥 Streak counting
- 💾 Persistent storage using AsyncStorage
- 📲 Haptic feedback for interactions
- 🔍 Detailed habit view
- ➕ Easy habit creation with modal interface

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v20 or later)
- pnpm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/fberrez/minihabits.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
cd minihabits
pnpm install
```

3. Create a `.env` file in the root of the project with the following variables:

```bash
CORS_ORIGIN="http://localhost:5173"
FRONTEND_URL="http://localhost:5173"
JWT_EXPIRATION_TIME="7d"
JWT_REFRESH_EXPIRATION_TIME="30d"
JWT_REFRESH_SECRET="refresh_secret"
JWT_SECRET="secret"
MONGODB_URI="mongodb://admin:password@localhost:27017/minihabits"
NODE_ENV="development"
PORT="3000"
RESEND_API_KEY="re_11234"
RESEND_FROM="Minihabits <youraddres@host.co>"

```

4. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run start:dev
```

## TODO

Authentication Routes
- [x] POST /auth/signup - Register a new user
- [x] POST /auth/signin - Login user
- [x] POST /auth/refresh - Refresh JWT token

Habits Routes
- [x] GET /habits - Get all habits for the authenticated user
- [x] POST /habits - Create a new habit
- [ ] GET /habits/:id - Get a specific habit details
- [x] PATCH /habits/:id - Update a habit
- [x] DELETE /habits/:id - Delete a habit

Habit Tracking Routes
- [x] POST /habits/:id/track - Track a habit for today
- [x] DELETE /habits/:id/track - Untrack a habit for today
- [x] GET /habits/:id/streak - Get streak information
- [x] GET /habits/stats - Get overall statistics

User Routes
- [ ] GET /users/me - Get current user profile
- [ ] PATCH /users/me - Update user preferences (e.g., dark/light mode)
- [ ] DELETE /users/me - Delete account

Optional Future Routes
- [ ] GET /habits/daily - Get habits for today
- [ ] GET /habits/weekly - Get weekly overview
- [ ] POST /habits/:id/reminder - Set reminder for a habit
- [ ] GET /habits/search - Search through habits
